Update tracing architecture document (#2017)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/tracing/docs/020-architecture-tracing.md

title: Architecture
---

The diagram presents the tracing flow including the details of requesting and storing traces. 

![Tracing architecture](assets/tracing-architecture.svg)

The Jaeger Deployment is the central element of the tracing architecture.

> It serves both as a target of all query requests sent from the Jaeger UI, and the space for storing and processing the spans and traces created by Envoy, Istio and Kyma services. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It serves as a target of all query requests sent from the Jaeger UI. It is also the space for storing and processing the spans and traces created by Envoy, Istio, and Kyma services. 
```
